hello my name is ivan
A. Karpenko
topic video global issues
modern world
and first you need to decide on
what global issues mean and
what problems and do not refer to the sick
it is important to understand that those problems
are called on the sick causes of which
is a person and who
extend to the whole society to the whole
the world, for example, such reasons as
possible meteorite fall is incorrect
in this sense, relatively sick
problems of mankind certainly from
this will happen it will of course
problems are very serious but a
Social Studies
when talking about global issues
humanity has a saint exactly those still
I repeat this very important problems
the reasons for which we serve the man himself
perhaps in some indirect way and which
threaten the whole world
humanity and require strongly in
on immediate decision that's what
called refers to the sick
problems of the modern world or how else
say the global problems of mankind
to make it more clear what is at stake
let's bring a few with you now
specific examples and briefly consider
illustrate to examples these very
problems well, probably the most obvious
an example that just suggests itself
this is of course ecological for you
problem
it is obvious that the person is very
significantly affects the environment due to
its industrial activities due to
use of natural resources and this
use of natural resources
leads to serious problems that
expressed pollution
in air pollution
soil pollution of water bodies in the disappearance
animal species that is completely
It is obvious that the consequences are
some man-made disasters in these
conditions it is clear that the problems
poses a threat to the whole society
for the whole world community and of course
requires an immediate solution but how
you understand not enough
easily solved problem because for
order to solve different states
must agree among themselves about
acceptable use of nature and
the limits of industrial production and
emission of harmful substances and it is not very
just that is, this problem is relevant
it affects public health in
the first place is that part of the population
who lives in big cities
megacities for focused
much of the production and the other
a problem that can be called this
demographic problem is a threat
overcrowding we say that Russia
this is a problem in general is not particularly
concerns there are very large
uninhabited territory but on the whole and this
the problem concerns the whole world
because the world's population is humanity
grows and grows fairly quickly and in
over the next decades may
there is such a problem
overpopulation when not enough
resources providing normal
livelihoods at all yes and be
actually oversupply
hands but not so much work
there will be no need for such
number of hands this problem
characteristic for example whether China
for india for countries in which very
large population and strictly speaking
hard enough to feed properly
way to provide this population
necessary standard of living still to
next problems of global problems
can be attributed to the gap between countries
developed and third world countries
really existing big
economic gap level gap
life between the leading countries of the West and
some other countries between
for example African countries
continent this problem is also very
essentially requires of course strongly
his decisions are another very important
global problem is the threat of war in
including the threat of nuclear war given
that some countries have big
nuclear potential this problem is worth
hot enough and needs to be addressed is
is a problem because
the danger remains serious
large-scale armed conflicts well and in
As some other examples you can
to name
the threat of an epidemic earlier
until there was a problem especially well and
Now, too, there are a number of different
diseases that supply
quite serious threat and
causes are spread
the distribution of which is in
in general, too, man and water, and that is
here can be attributed
addiction global issues
humanity and can be attributed to terrorism and
so on then there is a list of global
problems it is wide enough we are with you
called some who are most significant
most important but the list is possible
continue and absolutely absolutely
It is obvious that the problem appears
there will be new ones as we hope that
as far as solving old problems yes bye
what a regret these old problems they don't
decide how to solve
maybe these problems are called well
the way in general it happens is that
man's consciousness must change
society's consciousness must change
in such a way that a person must understand
what
you need to take care of the environment
to other people and of course to
to myself
i.e. lifestyle changes
but also unity before unity of people in all
only thing that can do in the world
can help solve these problems
thank you for your attention center
online foxford training courses in all
subjects
preparation at different levels best
teachers
online tutorial learning online
do foxmart
start training for free